improved bmi calibration instructions (#272)
SlimeVR/SlimeVR-Docs-Site: src/server/imu-calibration.md

1. Plug in your microcontroller (D1 Mini, NodeMCU, or other)
1. Open the SlimeVR server, and click **Settings**, and then click **Serial Console** under **Utilities**.

>    - Steps 1 and 2 are optional. You can calibrate a tracker by just looking at the led, however, the serial console does provide clear instructions and feedback on the calibration process.

Reviewer: This might be better above the steps instead of within?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Steps 1 and 2 are optional. You can calibrate a tracker by just looking at the led, however, the serial console provides clear instructions and feedback on the calibration process.
```
